One time. Oh, man. One time I was playing a,
I must've been 21 and I was beefy, dude, when I was 21, I was beefy.
You think the Lord of the rings have a place to shoot right now, bro.
Forget that they did all those movies back then. Okay.
Right on the back of my shoulders, I would hear way in the background.
Oh yeah. That's right.
And dude like Eduardo Lafonda Carbone could do Revenant back here,
Revenant too. T O O Revenant also.
Uh, and so, uh, I was with my buddy who is,
hilarious intentionally and also unintentionally like one time we
were talking about one time we were talking, we were, I was probably 23.
This is before, this is the, after I'm doing it like pulp fiction,
I'm doing a little bit here and then I'm going back a little bit.
And then you find out I was dead at the end. Um, so he was like, he was like,
uh, Hey, uh, you know,
he wasn't really getting chicks the way he, he, he wanted to get check seat.
He wasn't getting late and he wanted to get late. Cause he was a 25,
6 something, you know what I mean? And one time he was like,
I was like, well, why don't you just like hit on, not as hot chicks, you know,
you might have a better chance and this way you work your confidence up and then
you start hitting, hitting, hitting on in and hook it up with the hotter chicks.
And he was like,
and he was getting so frustrated at the time and he would always do this.
That's how I learned that this is. He and he said, and dude,
I'll never forget this. He said, I said.
I will not hook up with some substandard girls.
I will not talk up with some standard girls and do it.
And I will never forget that I will not hook her up with some standard girls and
do it. And I was.
Like, ah, I think that was the first time I went up and uh, it was awesome.
And I laughed and that guy hasn't been laid in two years now.
And this is 20 years later. I just talked to him, sadness.
Real life sadness. You think going on, dude, you think people are,
you think what? Corona, the economy, you think that this everything up.
My buddy hasn't gotten laid for two years. Sadness,
sadness.
Um, you know what I mean? Like that's, that's brutally, but you know,
I guess it's the kind of thing. Like one time when I was in a, uh, uh, carpool,
I used to be carpool going as a kid,
going to school with a kid with a bunch of different kids in a van with that
siding. That was like a wooden siding.
Whoever put cars with the wooden siding on the outside. It's like,
what are you making a car or a house? What is the breaking bad? How a mobile?
So one time and the kid, the older kid, he said, yeah, I don't really watch TV.
I said, really? He said, yeah, because one time I was granted,
I couldn't watch TV all summer.
And then I just came in and got into the habit and never really wanted to watch
TV.
And that's what's happened with my buddy only when it happens do with getting
his Dick wet. And I'll tell you what, that is 100% not sensational. So yeah,
that is absolutely not sensation. That is absolutely not.
Um, anyway, let's see. I was telling him, okay,
so this is what I was going back to it. Like I go back, back, back. My,
my is steps. I went a little bit forward. I went back into it's like time cop,
you go back and forth or pulp fiction just in a different editing way.
So my time travels.
Okay. So, um, thought I just stepped in dog. Uh,
so, uh, anyway,
we were doing this thing S game with a bunch of girls and guys
and uh, my buddy,
we had to hum a song like the first few seconds of a
song. And then whoever guessed it got a point or some,
whatever it was the worst game of all time.
And we couldn't do the lyrics. Like you couldn't be out there and just be like.
I'll put this up right in the front window advertisement right in the front
window. And all of a sudden success coming out of the blue,
because then you'd be like mush, Nick and son.
Of course. Right. So,
so this guy was going to sing this song.
This guy was going to sing the song downtown. Right.
[inaudible] Downtown. Right? Whatever the that song is,
that was probably in some Dustin Hoffman movie in 1981. So.
Rent that [inaudible] downtown. Right.
And it was his turn and that was the song you wanted to sing. Okay.
This is the most submit ever. Okay. There was a chin up bar behind him.
All right. In the room. Okay.
Oh. This dude. There was a chin up bar behind him and he was, it was his Rosa.
Okay, go ahead. And he goes [inaudible]
he goes, no, no, no, no, no,
no. Um, and then he goes downtown and
started crying.
The only thing he got to do was not say downtown. And he goes downtown.
And we, my other buddy and I,
who we looked at each other immediate beat red faces.
And we started crying like Japan animation.
And then my buddy got embarrassed that he said the word downtown that he
pivoted did a, it was like he was Tony Gwynn swinging the bat.
He just twisted and walked over to the chin-up bar
and grabbed it and did two chin-ups.
He did two chin-ups dude out of
bitchiness.
Imagine being so insecure and some that he was
doing the twist here when he was singing, he was going downtown.
And then he realized he did it. We started Japan, animation crying.
And he posted, walked on over. He didn't run. He walked like fast walk.
Like he saw something that he wanted at the mall, real,
not really like really quickly. And then he just did two chin-ups and the,
oh my God, dude, I was.
2300. That was a. That guy hasn't been laid in two years. He didn't listen.
He didn't listen, you know,
would probably do live for the congratulations podcast. This is episode 1 68.
Make sure to check out Krista Lee, no paid non Netflix.
Too loud. Had it too loud in my headphones. That was the Jeremy Renner sting.